Meeting Title: Nucleus AI matching engine — talent marketplace challenge
Date: May 8
Meeting participants: Tyler

Transcript:
 
Me: You're not on. If you go to here. Someone post it. Oh, it's this one. We can then cook the scroll down quickly. Where do we find the slack channel? Sorry. On the way back, I know it was on the website. I can just keep poking around. They announced it. You go to. The website. Ai. Builder. Day. Com. You made a repo yet. Oh, no. You should make it. Okay. If I find it all. Join our slack. There is a button. At the bottom of the main page. Okay. Okay. Perfect. I will do. More a deep dive. Into this challenge. I guess. Lasagna. And you guys can ask me. Any questions that you have. So just a heads up, I will not be here tomorrow. I will not. Be the one. Directing it. My colleague can. Be the one that is judging it. So. Just wanted. To. Talk a little bit about. What the challenge. Was earlier. It's one you guys are probably all familiar. You are looking for a job. You're looking for the right opportunity for maybe some of you. Sandbox or. Whether startup. S. Know that you need. A co-founder. Writing. The right co found. Er is a huge. Problem. But. Just finding the right. People. For the right. Goals. Is a huge. Challenge for any. Startup. And there's no shortage. Of people who have tried to solve. This problem. We just found anyone who solved it. Well. So if that person in this room today. Could be a day because in a second, can you guys get this right? So for us specifically. This is born out of a need to really connect. Research. Ers. Professors. Who are commercializing really cool techn. Ology, really cool ideas with people and industry, with people who are looking for jobs. That's like the core need that nucleus. Has. But there's a much bigger. Opportunity here beyond just that more need of anyone who's looking for the right. Goal for the right. Person. Means a better. Solution as well. As today. So. We are looking at creating more climate Utah Innovation connect. Ions. I'll just show you right now when our website. Is. And we have a small team, like I mentioned. We're a start. Up. And so. We. Come up. With kind of. A solution. But it's not. Great. So. What happens. Right now? If people are. Interested in some. Sort of connection. And. They. Go to contact. Us. And we've created. This. Connect. Ion. So. If you're, if. You're an operator. And you're looking. For opportunities. You click here. And there is a form. You fill. Out. The. Type one. What is. All your information. And then we get notified on the. Back end. That this person. Is looking for an opportunity. And then we know. Of some opportunities we know our portfolio companies with very. Location for. We have people. In key tech companies reach out. As often and say. Hey, we're looking. For this person. In this. Role. And because. Kind of our job is to. Be connectors and leaders and bring people together. People come. To us often. But it's very manual. I literally have three people on my team who once a week review all the submissions. And think about who do we know? And then we, like, manually reach out and connect with not the great solution, right? Especially all the technology we have. There's also people who are actually looking for roles. But they have great. So. If you're more interested in that, we have this mentor form. It's a different form than the operator form. But time eclectic, very similar information. And network. Pulls out. We look at. It and we say they be a great mentor for. This company. That we know. For this. You know. One thing I'm very manual. We're. Also collecting. Subject matter. Experts. So if you're an expert in energy, you're. Expert AI. Or expert in. Cyber. We're trying to build out this network of who are the people in the state. Who are experts. In these spaces. So that we can convene them and bring them together. To have them speak out events. We can reach out and we're happy to go back. Around. AI. So. That's something we're trying to. Venture network. That's really important. We have a great venture ecosystem in utah, but we definitely, who doesn't want more capital. In the state of utah, right, going towards our companies. So that's something we're trying to do, is how do we get people outside of utah people? VCs outside of Utah knowing and understanding what's happening here. How do we get them investing here in Utah? And so building out a venture network is important. It's also important companies to be invested to and they go look for their next. We need to know who would be the right VC to send them to. Who they're going to be fit serifum profile. And then we have service providers, right? There's a whole group of companies out there that provide services. And provide services to deep tech. We want to know who they are. But once again, this is all incredibly manual for us right now. So we are looking at using AI to make an intelligent matching system. For people logging to our connections hub. And they get matched with, or they enter their information, their skill sets, what types of opportunities they're looking for, and then intelligently using AI their match. Es. Now, I know. Like, there isn't. Like, I don't know. How you're going to find the. Data for. Opportunities. It's more building them mapping in your book page. So. You can see those available public. Okay. Going back to this. So that's the. Core challenge. So we're, We're looking specifically at, from the talent. Side. At Execut. Ives. Those would be. Co-founders. C. Suite or even fractional. A lot of times startups don't need a full-time finance person. We need a fractional trimester. Give me the full-time marketing. System. So having those options, having operators, Engineers, sales, marketing, doesn't have the first hire, the all startups are looking for. And then a lot of times students are great. Our students are looking for opportunities and have great skills. To provide for these starters, whether that be as an intern or you're about to graduate and you're looking for your next step too. So we want there to be something that's specific for if you're a student. But then not all interns are submitted. So to see what she's received, you're looking for an intern, an internship. And what allows you to more announce with. It. And then often start looking for right board members. I know the people to write adv. Isors. Back. Into town. And sometimes there's mentors, too, that are willing to help not informal advisory, not employment. When it comes. To startup. It's very general. We. It's really. Any business. But this. Is particularly. A challenge for. Startups. For us. We were thinking it's more important to be able to delineate what type of servant you are. These are the state's core focus areas that you can have in other catch all or you can add any types of categorization for startups. That you. Want. Hackathon objective. So kind of prototype and something that improves the quality, speed and matches accounts for. I mean, this isn't like specific to the topic. Are there unique challenges or unique opportunities being brought to account to look out for? We want this to be specific to retail. Not really a way to, you know, opportunities students, schools, people in other states. We're trying to build out our new tax ecosystem. That's important to us. If this works for other states and other opportunities. Great. But thinking about what is it that you taught specifically needs? And then goes beyond what we traditionally see with job boards or linked in these I don't match. Ing. These are the types of things that should include challenge profiles and startup profiles. These are examples, but obviously you can create more parameters or more categorization if you think that's important. You know, it's a thing that wants to us. So it needs to be aware for nucleus specifically. As you're building this out. Is our website is built on Squarespace. So how could this potentially integrate into sport space? So right now we need type form. That integration Squarespace and with our CRM, which is going to be. So when people. Fill out information. It does. So right to. Their. Entity. Happening. What's. Missing is that. Matching. Engine behind. It. Question. Yes. Is there an API for Affinity? Okay. And then. Just. Thinking through. What the. User. Experience. Is like. How easy is. This organ. If. It. Requires a lot of clicks? It requires. A ton of. Information. Users are less likely to. Actually. Utilize. This. Right. So thinking through how they summing up. How good is the, the matches that are being generated and how well are the results explained to them? Okay. And then you can go above and beyond if you want. So one thing that's really important right now is. You. Are report. So they are the ones fit for matches. Maybe into all their information. And. What they need. For. Opportunities. Tyler. And Load. S challenges. But. Would be great if. We could comb. Ine whatever is created for them. Or. The work. That into it. Is how do we make people aware of what is available? In the manufacturing. When it comes to research. How does. Being. An opportunity. Map? What research. Ing are working. On. What. Startups are. Actually doing. Across. These topics. Such as having a general idea of what. These are. Out there, even if people have gone in these companies and these issues gone and keep their. Locker room. Like, I know I'm not giving you any data sets or anything. This is really for me to go out and figure out what publicly available, what you can utilize. Question or stretch. It's a question and a stretch. Love it. You say one of the objectives is Utah specific ecosystem Dynamics. I was just curious if you have. Plug into Statistics that we need to be aware of. Yeah. Because The more all Yeah. Amount of design Okay. So you'll present, not the name of to Utah, and then be able to 30. And then our criteria For judging is the mass quality intelligence. Is not there and available? That's 30% of Experience, super important. How can Clear in it from? It's forty percent Integration So you're going for it to integrate in So you can't figure out how to get it the baby, that's And then lastly, this. How innovative can we help create Yeah. Can you walk us through exactly how People together? I guess what I'm in Who to match in the Know where to start? Kids. Were you here at the beginning? When I started at five? Is people fill out the one line. Do you guys have, like, a way to share your network between each other? Like, you guys keep notes. On things. Or is it more just like It's all in our CRM. Okay. So not innovative. Yeah. Are we allowed to reach out to those three individuals to kind of pick their brains about the current reasoning they go through? And their connections. Yeah. Sure. Cam is one of them. He's the the one that tomorrow. So yes, I can give you but, like, I'll tell you how it works. You can do that. People. So thank you You know, they're not really if that team is What could we get access to those contact info for those green team members? Mhmm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. You say you would people to match and keep in your network Is that network in the the CRM as well? Well? Because I wanna, like It's, like, it's, like, after we have all the information. Okay. We just need a Okay. He will have someone he will be paired with Too either of these here Is there a communication channel as we go on if we additional questions? Yeah. Slack. K. Yeah. Like Slack, like It holds your information hostage. It's ransomware. It's under Sorry. I will share that with Tiger. For next time. I'm not gonna change it. I'm can get I can get off the line. But then you can read Wanna head downstairs? Yeah. Okay. Recorded the whole meeting with me. Granola, is that free or 
